Theme: Super Mario Bros

Overall Animation: The animation will depict the character Mario moving towards the right while the goomba also moves 
right until colliding with the wall and moving left. Mario will jump and land on the goomba, squashing it. Mario will 
then jump on top of the wall and jump again to get on top of the blocks in the sky. The angry goomba will move left and 
right at a faster speed than the normal goomba. Two piranha plants will emerge from the pipes at different times, they 
will also differ in the speed at which they snap their jaws. The character Luigi (green Mario) will begin the animation 
by waiting, then jumping towards the left. Luigi will then continue moving left until jumping on top of the floating 
blocks on the left side of the screen. The question blocks will have a change in scale, creating a pulsing effect, as 
well as a slight translation.

Item Block Class: Kaitlin Jantaworn
The intended animation of the Item Block was to layer it on top of the already existing Item block in the scene but,
while coding I had decided that it looked more aesthetically pleasing and comprehensible to the viewer to simply position
it onto the brick. Also because the scene is quite small it was difficult to scale the question mark within a similar
scale to the row of bricks. 
The animation shows two instances of the Item Block one pulsing faster and scaled larger than the other. The instance
on the left is yellow and contains a yellow question mark. The instance on the right is brown and contains a larger red
question mark and pulses faster. 
The block enlarges and shrinks and the question mark flips upside down and bobs within it.
The itemblock class contains Move, Enlarge, PulseQuestion functions to assist in manipulating
movements of the item block and the question mark as independent objects. An unexpected challenge I faced was how small
the scaling was and running the background music on my computer(since mp3 format was not compatible with my Mac).

Piranha Plant Class: Annie Wang
The intended animation of the Piranha Plant was to bob up and down vertically while its jaws snap open and shut in an
oscillating cycle. The included class were PiranhaPlant.cs, which acted as the central controller for the root
transformation of the entire Piranha Plant and the local child transformations of the animated jaw parts.
In this class, the code used _rootMatrix to translate and scale the plant as a single unit, while secondary rotation and
custom pivot offsets so that the jaws were hinged onto the stem.
A challenge I encountered was aligning all of the components onto the coordinate space so that the Piranha Plants and
the pipes overlay were at the correct location.

Character Class: Christian Zamora
The intended animation for the Character class was to use translation to move the character across the screen and use 
scale to flip the character horizontally when it changed direction. The limbs of the character would also rotate while 
the character walked. This was done using oscillation through a sin function tied to the ellapsed game time. The 
character movement was implemented using steps, which I cycled through using a switch statement and a helper function 
called NextStep(). 
I made two child classes for Character, Mario and Luigi, so that they could override the Move 
function and have their own set of instructions. This is how I achieved their separate paths that were described in 
the overall animation description. 
I had two big challenges when coding these classes. Having the characters land from a jump onto a block that is only 
part of the background required a lot of manual translation from my part. I also had a hard time using scaling to 
turn the character around. It would end up flipping it upside down as well and I could not figure it out. My solution 
was to use sprite effects to turn the sprite around when drawing Luigi, which is why he was able to face left.

Goomba Class: Tong Wang
The intended animation of the Goomba was to walk around by waddling its feet, which is done by alternating the
scaling of each foot. The root component of the hierarchal matrix transformation is the goomba body, which translates
horizontally. The next level of the hierarchy includes the eyes and the feet, meaning that the eyes and the feet
move with the goomba body. The eyes translate horizontally in a range that permits the eyeballs to be within the eye 
whites. They move in the direction of the goomba. For example, the eyes move to the right when the goomba is moving to 
the right, and vice versa. The feet, as previously described, appear to be waddling by alternating the scaling of each
foot, which is accomplished through a sinusoidal motion to ensure constant oscillation and smooth movements. I scaled
the entire matrix down by 0.06f because the original images were way too big compared to the background image. An
unexpected challenge I faced was figuring out what to put as the origin when drawing each image. My original
understanding was that the origin coordinate was global rather than local, so the origin coordinates I would pick would
be incorrect. I also scaled the textures individually rather than as a whole during the matrix transformations, so those
incorrect origins in addition to the scaling skewed the position of the textures to be in the incorrect spots. This 
problem was especially apparent when I was trying to scale the feet accordingly. Through a google search, I was able
to understand that the origin coordinate is based on the top left corner of the texture, and this adjustment fixed
everything.

MadGoomba Class: Tong Wang
This is a child class of the Goomba Class. I chose to make a variation of the default Goomba by making a child class
because this variation will inherit all the necessary functions and variables of the parent class since mad goomba 
is ultimately a goomba. The only changes I made to the original constructor was changing the color, stomping speed, and
velocity.
